ECESIS indicates the creation of something new and full of vitality in a terrain that’s deprived of signs of life. We are an ambitious group, driven by a strong sense of commitment and purpose, and the need to create sustainable value for our clients.

Our journey began 12 years ago, as a provider of BPO services to the US real estate industry. At a time of increasing chaos and uncertainty, our persistence and focused, outcome-driven approach helped us capture newer markets. Today, we continue our growth spree, by innovating services that are relevant and meet our clients’ most pressing needs.

From BPO to software to a global business conglomerate
We are a full-fledged services organization, with proven capabilities in BPO, software design and development to digital marketing, manpower staffing and beyond. Every day, we continue our journey to bigger and bolder growth avenues, fueled by a vision to serve our clients’ needs, enabling them to transform and evolve with the changing. needs of the market.


OUR TEAM
Our motto is to stay young, agile and always open to transformation and new opportunities. We do this through a vibrant work culture, powered by enthusiastic and innovative young leaders, who are the architects of our future.
Roadmap to 2030
We’re leveraging our digital marketing expertise, combined with exceptional service capabilities, to enable our clients and stakeholders to grow with the industry and chart their journey to success. By deploying a customer-centric and last-mile consultative approach, we’re cultivating highly productive and powerful business partnerships that last the test of time.



Broker Price Opinion
Software Development
Manpower Staffing
Digital Marketing
About Us
Contact
Broker Price
Opinion Simplified
High-quality BPO & REO services from a leading service provider


Monetize your license
with ECESIS BPO services
As a realtor or real estate agent, you have a lot on your hands. Traditional property appraisals consume a significant amount of time and effort, leaving Broker Price Opinion as a quick and easier alternative to becoming a successful real estate agent. With the right mortgage assistance & MLS listing services, your effort can easily be put into other revenue-generating tasks.

If you're looking to expand your real estate business, or are managing a steady stream of BPO orders, collaborating with a Leading Real Estate Virtual Assistant Company, like ECESIS, can help you tap more BPO orders at a faster turnaround.

We have been assisting US-based realtors, brokers, and real estate companies with high-accuracy valuations & Comparative market analysis (CMA) for more than a decade. Our high-quality and value-sensitive deliverables allow you to stay responsive, decisive, and agile as your business grows and expands.


OUR SOLUTIONS
Highly Accurate & Expert Mortgage Broker Price Opinion Services
With more than 10 years of experience in the industry, ECESIS is the #1 Broker Price Opinion Service Provider for real estate clients in the United States.

Our large team of passionate professionals are committed to providing you with high-quality BPO and related services. You can easily double your revenue within a short period with your remote team working 24/7 for you.

WATCH HOW TO GET 2X REVENUE GROWTH, 92%+ ACCURACY WITH ECESIS BPO SERVICES
SERVICES
Invested in your growth, every step of the way
We are the experts in US real estate, mortgage, and property comparison. Our team of qualified professionals have helped thousands of real estate agents, brokers, and appraisers complete millions of reports. We have helped them save more time & effort and witness significant revenue growth.


01
BPO portal registration
We help you register with leading BPO portals in the market. All you need to do is send us the necessary documents, and our team will do the rest. We ensure the safety of your data, and all your sensitive information will be subject to strict confidentiality.

02
Order capture
Our flagship product, BPO Acceptor, is today the leading BPO Order Acceptance software in the market. Our average acceptance rate is 90%+ for most portals. Our acceptance program can be configured to any BPO portal and customized to any of your requirements - be they pricing, type of orders, real estate comparables, or zip code coverage.

03
Comparable research & entry
Get our skilled MLS research and analysis team to arrive at accurate property valuations. Our comparable selection process adheres to BPOSG and NABPOP guidelines. Thorough reviews ensure high precision and quality that uphold the integrity of the real estate valuation process.

04
Submission
Completed forms are then uploaded to the portal, along with the right images, attachments, and the repairs to be done on the property.

05
Quality control
Our dedicated in-house expert broker price opinion quality team underpins the entire process from start to finish. They analyze the data, check for errors, and alignment to guidelines, and ensure that reports are perfect. With our average quality score across BPO portals at 92%+, we ensure high levels of accuracy in all we do.

06
Real-time tracking
Our in-house & industry’s leading BPO order tracking software - BPO Tracker System (BTS), allows realtors to track BPO order statuses, along with the real-time processing status of their orders. The tool comes with a host of other functionalities, like photo assignment, invoicing, portal payment tracking, and so on.

WHY ECESIS
What
differentiates us
We're a one-stop solution for all your BPO needs. We support you
end-to-end, from registering portals to submitting reports.


An established & registered service provider
10+ successful years in the US real estate industry.


High acceptance rate and best quality assurance & control
Track record of 90%+ acceptance rate for all BPO portals and 92% quality score in BPO reports.


Trusted partner to 150+ US realtors
We invest both in technology and people to deliver high-quality services.


Accelerated response & turnaround time
We deliver over 15,000 monthly reports, with an average TAT of 24 hours.


Round-the-clock support
365 x 24 x 7 service with well-defined SLAs & escalation matrix.


Sophisticated multi-tier network security
Your web traffic is routed only through dedicated US IPs within the US border.


High standards of integrity
Set processes & secure protocols to protect data confidentiality.


We want to hear about what you're building
244 Fifth Avenue, Suite 1409
New York, NY 10001

Services
Broker Price Opinion
Software Development
Manpower Staffing
Digital Marketing
Ecesis Group
About us
Careers
Contact us
Follow
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Youtube
 Linkedin
© 2021 All Rights Reserved
